Create how-to instructions for deploying k8s and k8s-worker (#200)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/src/howto/install/charm.md

# Install Canonical Kubernetes from a charm

> Canonical Kubernetes is packaged as a [charm], available from the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canonical Kubernetes is also packaged as a [charm], available from the 
```

> snap store for all supported platforms.

Reviewer: you mean charm store? I would probably also like one line about Juju and appropriate links

## What you'll need

This guide assumes the following:

- The rest of this page assumes you already have Juju installed and have added [credentials] for a cloud and bootstrapped a controller.

> - If you still need to do this, please take a look at the quickstart instructions, or, for custom clouds (OpenStack, MAAS), please consult the Juju documentation.

Reviewer: This is all part of the previous requirement - Also we should link to the Juju install page (https://juju.is/docs/juju/install-juju)

> - If you still need to do this, please take a look at the quickstart instructions, or, for custom clouds (OpenStack, MAAS), please consult the [Juju documentation][juju].

Reviewer 2: Could we add the quickstart instructions link here please?

Reviewer: The quickstart isn't really relevant to the charm deployment, but I will add some more explanation

```{note}
If you cannot meet these requirements, please see the [Installing] page for alternative options.
```

## Check available channels (optional)

> It is a good idea to check the available channels before installing the snap. Run the command:

Reviewer: s/snap/charm

```bash
juju info k8s
juju info k8s-worker
```

...which will output a list of currently available channels. See the [channels
page] for an explanation of the different types of channel.

## Deploying the charm

> The charm can be installed with the juju command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The charm can be installed with the `juju` command:
```

```bash
juju deploy k8s --channel=latest/edge
```

```{note}
The `latest/edge` channel is always under active development. This is where you will find the latest features but you may also experience instability.
```

## Bootstrap the cluster

Installing the k8s charm sets up all the parts required to run Kubernetes. One may

> watch it progress using juju status

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
watch it progress using juju status:
```

watch it progress using juju status

```bash
juju status --watch 1s
```

> This command will output a message confirming the snap is install and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will output a message confirming the snap is installed and the
```

cluster is bootstrapped. It is recommended to ensure that the cluster initialises 
properly and is running with no issues. Run the command:

> 

Reviewer: ??? missing command

Author: thanks.  nice spot

## Expanding the cluster

> At this point, you should have 1 control-plane node.  To expand, add more units

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this point, you should have one control-plane node. To expand, add more units
```

At this point, you should have 1 control-plane node.  To expand, add more units
with the following command

```bash
juju add-unit k8s -n 2
```

This will create 2 more control-plane units clustered with the first.

Use `juju status` to watch these units approach active/idle

## Adding Workers

> In many cases, one would wish for kubernetes worker only units in their cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many cases, it's desirable to have additional 'worker only' units in the cluster. 
```

Rather than adding more control-plane units, we'll deploy the `k8s-worker` charm.

> After deploying them, integrate them with the control-plane units so they join 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deployment, integrate these new nodes with the control-plane units so they join 
```

> After deployment, integrate theese new nodes with control-plane units so they join 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After deployment, integrate these new nodes with control-plane units so they join 
```

```bash
juju deploy k8s-worker --channel=latest/edge -n 2
juju integrate k8s k8s-worker:cluster
```

Use `juju status` to watch these units approach the active/idle state. 

> 

Reviewer 2: We could add a link for the curious at the end in order to reference the how-to `add-remove nodes` guide.

Reviewer: Nice idea, but I think that may get confusing, the world of charm-deployed k8s and snap deployed k8s don't really interact much
